Feature/simplify create your first sgx app (#117)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: for-developers/confidential-computing/create-your-first-sgx-app.md

## Prepare your application

> For this tutorial, you will start from the end of [Your first application](../your-first-app.md) tutorial and your `<dockerusername>/my-hello-world:1.0.0` OCI image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before going further, your `<dockerusername>/my-hello-world:1.0.0` image built previously is required. If you missed that part, please go back to [Your first application](../your-first-app.md).
```

Author: see 906e9c9

# declare an image name

> IMG_NAME=tee-hello-world

Reviewer: I think we should update to:
`IMG_NAME=<dockerusername>/tee-hello-world`
plus references such as:
`docker run --rm -e SCONE_HASH=1 <dockerusername>/tee-hello-world:tee-debug`

Author: in documentation, `IMG_NAME` is used for `--name` option of sconifier.
To keep things consistent with our examples, I went for
```
IMG_NAME=tee-hello-world
IMG_TO=<dockerusername>/${IMG_NAME}:tee-debug

    --name=${IMG_NAME} \
    --from=${IMG_FROM} \
    --to=${IMG_TO} \
```

I kept `IMG_TO` in mrenclave retrieval `docker run` command and updated the last command with the full image name.
See 69a9c83 and 868bf35

Did I miss something ?
